[SOAR-772]Check Host Block Status with Fortinet Firewall from Slack (#174)
rapid7/insightconnect-workflows: workflows/Check_Host_Block_Status_with_Fortinet_Firewall_from_Slack/help.md

# Description

> This workflow accepts a Slack command containing an IP address. This IP address will be checked agenst a pre defined address group in Fortinet to determin if the IP address is present or not. It is assumed that this address group will be used to store IP address for a block policy. A message with the results will be returned.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This workflow accepts a Slack command containing an IP address. This IP address will be checked against a pre-defined address group in Fortinet to determine if the IP address is present or not. It is assumed that this address group will be used to store IP addresses for a block policy. A message with the results will be returned.
```

Sample Slack Trigger Commands:

> `@Slackbot block-status 198.51.100.100`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`@Rapid7 InsightConnect block-status 198.51.100.100`
```

# Key Features

* The ablity to see if an IP is curently blocked by the firewall

# Requirements

* Slack connection
* An admin API key to a Fortigate firewall

# Documentation

## Setup

Import the workflow from the Rapid7 Extension Library and proceed through the Import Workflow wizard in InsightConnect. Import plugins, create or select connections, and rename the workflow as a part of the Import Workflow wizard as necessary.

> In the _Check for IP Message chatops_ step edit the Match Channel input from `change_me` to an aproprate channel.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the _Check for IP Message_ step edit the Match Channel input from `change_me` to an appropriate channel.
```

> In the _Check for IP_ step edit the Address Group Name input from `change_me` to an aproprate address group

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the _Check for IP_ step edit the Address Group Name input from `change_me` to an appropriate address group.
```
